Oktane day one key note. 01

identify revolution the challenge and opportunity of our time. 

Ryan Carlson Chief marketing officer 0

Theme this year is beyond. 

Identity is the challenge of out time. 

American Express
Teresa a Kassel VP tech America's express

We treat identity different than access . Access is the relation between identity and non idenities. Jit access 

Infosec, We are the enablers of the business, and the differentiators of the brand.

Okta tetegration network

A completely separate identity management system. 

Okta core services 

Auth
Authorization
Dir
Synchron
Access policy 
User management

People are the real perimeter. 

Network effects
Customers base, integrations, ...

Modernize IT

Okta integration network 

It's not just integrations but everything you need to connect identity too. Networks was Iaas 

sign in with okta. Tool kit openidconnect like oauth by openidconnect

Business authentication instead of social authentication

Can use sign in with okta as partner collaboration

Brand new type of integration two benefits access and user management 

Discover the next great things building okta onramp 
It is 
Recommendations of personalized list of integration applications other simpliar clients use. Real usage information

Easier deployment with onramp.
First steps to a market place or App Store. Different because other market places are only if you run on that platform. Network effects 

Beta by the end of this year.

Now a couple of partners 

Box. 

Lesley Young Workplace by Facebook

Sass collaboration and communication platform 

Workplace command center for your work hub

Transform you customer experience 

Personalized, ingadging and secure experience 

Okta api products developers nad enterprise synerios

Need middle ground new edition of api
Okta api products for one app

Some features free with okta branding, mfa with branding free

Completion is build vs buy. The better choice is the okta flexibility and remove entry points obstacles is why free

Secure the business 

Contextually access management . 
Access management was static in legacy. 

Okta threat insight
Identified malicious in addresses and threats ; exposes the grey area addresses directly to you to customize tighter or looser geo policies etc. 

Imiinate passwords
Eliminate passwords
Robust policy engine to make the decision s 

Inside of okta opened up whether pow required or not.

Adaptive mfa 

New product adaptive sso even if not using okta for your mfa solution. 

Okta and vmware announcing integrating I'd cloud and vmware workspace one. 

Noah Wasmer Vmware 

Threat insight can organize across all your okta integrations. 

Need a new universal I'denty standard. Ther is no iso standard for people

Personal trusted and independent and flexible 
Has to be..
Is how they built the okta identity plateform.



